Add statsd guide (#10719)
netdata/netdata: docs/guides/monitor/statsd.md

> <!--
> title: How to use any StatsD data source with Netdata
> description: "How to create a new collector for any applications that uses StatsD "
> image: /img/seo/guides/monitor/process.png
> custom_edit_url: https://github.com/netdata/netdata/edit/master/docs/guides/monitor/statsd.md
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--
title: How to use any StatsD data source with Netdata
description: "Learn how to monitor any custom application instrumented with StatsD with per-second metrics and fully customizable, interactive charts."
image: /img/seo/guides/monitor/statsd.png
author: "Odysseas Lamtzidis"
author_title: "Developer Advocate"
author_img: "/img/authors/odysseas-lamtzidis.jpg"
custom_edit_url: https://github.com/netdata/netdata/edit/master/docs/guides/monitor/statsd.md
-->
```

While using the same underlying collector-StatsD-every new `myapp.conf` file will in essence create a new data source and dashboard section for Netdata. While Netdata will load all the configuration files by default, it will **not** create dashboard sections or charts, unless it start receiving data for that particular data source. This means that we can now share our collector with the rest of the Netdata community. 

If you want to contribute or you need any help in developing your collector, we have a whole [Forum Category](https://community.netdata.cloud/c/agent-development/9) dedicated to contributing to the Netdata Agent.

### Making a PR to the netdata/netdata repository

- Make sure you follow the contributing guide and read our Code of Conduct
- Fork the netdata/netdata repository
- Place the configuration file inside `netdata/collectors/statsd.plugin`
- Add a reference in `netdata/collectors/statsd.plugin/Makefile.am`. For example, if we contribute the `k6.conf` file:
```Makefile
dist_statsdconfig_DATA = \
    example.conf \
    k6.conf \
    $(NULL)
```

> ## ???

Reviewer 2: Is `???` a placeholder for the title and it supposed to be the title? 😄

    type = line

[data]
    name = data
    title = K6 Data
    family = k6_metrics
    dimension = k6.data_received data_received last 1 1
    dimension = k6.data_sent data_sent last -1 1
    units = kb/s
    type = area 

[http_req_status]
    name = http_req_status
    title = HTTP Requests Status
    family = http requests
    dimension = k6.http_req_blocked http_req_blocked last 1 1 
    dimension = k6.http_req_connecting http_req_connecting last 1 1
    units = ms
    type = line
    
[http_req_duration]
    name = http_req_duration
    title = HTTP requests duration
    family = http requests
    dimension = k6.http_req_sending http_req_sending last 1 1
    dimension = k6.http_req_waiting http_req_waiting last 1 1
    dimension = k6.http_req_receiving http_req_receiving last 1 1
    units = ms
    type = stacked
```

> Take note that Netdata will report the rate for metrics and counters, even if k6 or another application sends an _absolute_ number. For example, k6 sends absolute HTTP requests with `http_reqs`, but Netdat visualizes that in `requests/second`.

To enable this StatsD configuration, [restart Netdata](/docs/configure/start-stop-restart.md).

## Final touches

> At this point, you have used StatsD to gather metrics for k6, creating a whole new section in your Netdata dashboard in the process. Uil can further customize the icon of the particular section, as well as the description for each chart.

Reviewer 3: What's `Uil`?

Reviewer 2: nice catch @jsoref !

Author: Uil is actually an [institute](https://uil.unesco.org/unesco-institute)!

But thanks for the catch @jsoref 😅

Reviewer 3: Fwiw, that's from https://github.com/check-spelling/netdata/commit/cd752b3b3057f5f54171cd7525737e1a925b32f3#commitcomment-49502749

I'll send a PR for everything else. But this one I can't figure out at all.

If you're up for it, I think netdata would benefit from running the check-spelling action 🙂 .

Author: > But this one I can't figure out at all .

Yeah, we know @joelhans  :P . Thanks, in any case, we will take it from here.

As fas the GHA, I think @joelhans  @Ferroin have chatted about this. It's seems nice to have this for good measure.

Reviewer 3: Ah, so it should be `UIL` per their page:
> UNESCO Institute for Lifelong Learning (UIL)

I can toss that in w/ everything else :-).
